docs/index.md, before:

# Welcome to the WolkenlosAPI documentation!
This is the documentation for the WolkenlosAPI. WolkenlosAPI is a Kotlin 
library for Minecraft (Spigot). It adds a lot of features for building own 
plugins for Wolkenlos.

## Version
Latest version: `1.1.3`

## Features
| Feature                                           | Description                                    | Added in         |
|---------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------|------------------|
| [ItemBuilder](pages/utils/item-builder/)          | A class to create ItemStacks with ease         | 1.1.0            |
| [HeadBuilder](pages/utils/head-builder/)          | A class to create Heads                        | 1.1.3            |
| [GUI](pages/gui/create/)                          | A API to create GUIs with ease                 | 1.0.0            |
| [Listener](pages/listener/listener/)              | A class to simply create Listeners             | 1.0.0            |
| [AdventureExtension](pages/extensions/adventure/) | A extension that add some helpfully functions  | 1.1.0            |
| Holograms                                         | A API to create and manage holograms           | :material-close: |

## Made for Wolkenlos
This API is made for the Wolkenlos Minecraft server. It is not tested on other 
servers. If you want to use it on your server, you can do it, but we can't
guarantee that it will work.

## Contributing
If you want to contribute to this project, you can do it. Fork this
repository and create a pull request. We will check it and maybe merge it.

## Authors
- [TheSkyScout](https://github.com/TheScoutSky)

Commit message:

Docs (update)
- added coming soon features

docs/index.md, after:

# Welcome to the WolkenlosAPI documentation!
This is the documentation for the WolkenlosAPI. WolkenlosAPI is a Kotlin 
library for Minecraft (Spigot). It adds a lot of features for building own 
plugins for Wolkenlos.

## Version
Latest version: `1.1.3`

## Features
| Feature                                           | Description                                    | Added in         |
|---------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------|------------------|
| [ItemBuilder](pages/utils/item-builder/)          | A class to create ItemStacks with ease         | 1.1.0            |
| [HeadBuilder](pages/utils/head-builder/)          | A class to create Heads                        | 1.1.3            |
| [GUI](pages/gui/create/)                          | A API to create GUIs with ease                 | 1.0.0            |
| [Listener](pages/listener/listener/)              | A class to simply create Listeners             | 1.0.0            |
| [AdventureExtension](pages/extensions/adventure/) | A extension that add some helpfully functions  | 1.1.0            |

## Coming soon
| Feature          | Description                           | Coming in |
|------------------|---------------------------------------|-----------|
| HologramAPI      | An API to create and manage holograms | 1.1.4     |
| WTab integration | Allows you to access the prefix       | 1.1.4     |
| NPC-API          | An API to create NPCs                 | 1.1.5     |
| GUI-Animations   | A feature to animate GUIs             | 1.1.6     |

## Made for Wolkenlos
This API is made for the Wolkenlos Minecraft server. It is not tested on other 
servers. If you want to use it on your server, you can do it, but we can't
guarantee that it will work.

## Contributing
If you want to contribute to this project, you can do it. Fork this
repository and create a pull request. We will check it and maybe merge it.

## Authors
- [Antonio Wilczynski](https://github.com/TheScoutSky) - **Lead Developer**
- [Tobi](https://github.com/iswearimmrtobi) - **Developer**
- [Hofy](https://github.com/Hofyyy) - **Web-Developer**
